\section{Data Description}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}\hline
vehicleid & integer & \\\hline
timestamp & timestamp & \\\hline
longitude & float & \\\hline
latitude & float & \\\hline
speed & float & \\\hline
direction & integer & \\\hline
satellites & integer & \\\hline
temperature & float & \\\hline
rpm & integer & \\\hline
acceleration & float & \\\hline
kmcounter & float & \\\hline
fuellevel& float & \\\hline
throttlepos & float & \\\hline
totalconsumed & float & \\\hline
actualconsumed & float & \\\hline
actual\_km\_l & float & \\\hline
make & integer & \\\hline
model & integer & \\\hline
capacity & float & \\\hline
weight & float & \\\hline
\end{tabular}